docs: remove docs (#231)
edgexfoundry/edgex-examples: application-services/custom/camera-management/README.md

# Camera Management Example App Service

> **Warning**  

> > The **main** branch of this repository contains work-in-progress development code for the upcoming release, and is **not guaranteed to be stable or working**.

Reviewer: I don't think this warning is applicable to the example app (atleast for now as in future we do want create releases as other repos and use main branch as development branch). In the edgex docs we are asking the user to create the example app docker image from the main branch only.

Author: So do we want users to use main for the examples repo and minnesota for everything else?

Reviewer 2: Examples repo is [tagged](https://github.com/edgexfoundry/edgex-examples/releases/tag/v3.0) like all other repos and moving forward main will be WIP like other repos.

Reviewer: In that case @ChristianDarr-personal you might want to add this point in edgex docs to checkout the latest stable tag and then create the docker image for the example app.

Author: Ok, so it sounds like the original warning still applies, and then we point them to see the most recent tagged release

> > The **main** branch of this repository contains work-in-progress development code for the upcoming release, and is **not guaranteed to be stable or working**.

Reviewer 2: I added tis warning to the repo README this morning. Do we need it repeated here?

Author: I don't think it hurts to have it repeated, because some people might never see the top-level README. For example, the app-services table in the docs points directly to this README, and so people might not see the main one first

> It is only compatible with the [main branch of edgex-compose](https://github.com/edgexfoundry/edgex-compose) which uses the Docker images built from the **main** branch of this repo and other repos.
>
> **The source for the latest release can be found at [Releases](https://github.com/edgexfoundry/edgex-examples/releases).**

## General

> Visit the [EdgeX Documentation page](https://docs.edgexfoundry.org/3.0/examples/AppServiceExamples/Ch-CameraManagement) to learn more about the latest release.

Reviewer: In think this might be better?
```suggestion
Visit the [EdgeX Documentation page](https://docs.edgexfoundry.org/3.0/examples/AppServiceExamples/Ch-CameraManagement) to learn more about the latest camera management example app
```

> Visit the [EdgeX Documentation page](https://docs.edgexfoundry.org/3.0/examples/AppServiceExamples/Ch-CameraManagement) to learn more about the latest camera management example app.

Reviewer: Should this also be a macro?
